Minor: Grammar fixes. Remove X (#32070)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/forms/form_validation/index.md

A field is invalid if it has a value and that value has fewer characters than the [`minlength`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/minlength) value or more than the [`maxlength`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/maxlength) value.

Browsers often don't let the user type a longer value than expected into text fields. A better user experience than just using `maxlength` is to also provide character count feedback in an accessible manner and let them edit their content down to size.

> An example of this is the character limit seen on Mastodon when Tooting. JavaScript, including [solutions using `maxlength`](https://github.com/mimo84/bootstrap-maxlength), can be used to provide this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example of this is the character limit when posting on social media. JavaScript, including [solutions using `maxlength`](https://github.com/mimo84/bootstrap-maxlength), can be used to provide this.
```
